c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\NumSeqCalc.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\NumSeqCalc.Tests.dll
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\NumSeqCalc.Tests.pdb
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\NumSeqCalc.Business.dll
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\NumSeqCalc.Web.dll
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\NumSeqCalc.Business.pdb
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\NumSeqCalc.Web.pdb
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\obj\Debug\NumSeqCalc.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\obj\Debug\NumSeqCalc.Tests.dll
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\obj\Debug\NumSeqCalc.Tests.pdb
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\NumSeqCalc.Entities.dll
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\NumSeqCalc.Service.dll
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\NumSeqCalc.Models.dll
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\NumSeqCalc.Entities.pdb
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\NumSeqCalc.Service.pdb
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\NumSeqCalc.Models.pdb
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\clive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NumSeqCalc\NumSeqCalc.Tests\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
